This notebook is meant to be an introduction to data science and works through the example of a dataset including data for credit card transactions. Through exploratory data analysis, and making two models, one that always predicts fraud and a K-nn classifier model, we see how well the models do when predicting the results of new data. My task was to recreate an example jupyter notebook using an AI to create markdown cells and python code. 

Utilizing AI provided some benefits. It is helpful if you don't exactly know the syntax of a function you want to use, so then the AI would be able to give you the exact wording which might take less time than looking up the documentation. AI is also good at putting comments between code to describe what it is doing, which would also take less time then doing it by hand. However, one downside to using AI is that a person might not fully understand what the code is doing, which might make it harder to debug or explain to others. It is easy to just use AI to get something done without learning from it. If someone only uses AI to code, then if they are looking for a job, it won't look good if everything they do is by using AI without having some of the skills themselves. Sometimes it is also easier to know how to do something simple than take time to have an AI do it. 

There were a few times I had to correct the AI. I had to specifically give it the feature names to create the initial feature description chart, and tell it to use more comments. When I wanted to plot the percentage plot, I had to specifically tell the AI what I wanted it to be because originally the code it gave me was for a normal countplot and I don't think it understood what the percentage plot should look like. I had to tell it to plot the fraud and non-fraud transactions in the same bar, and not side-by-side. Otherwise, the AI did pretty much everything I told it to. I knew what the correct output was supposed to look like, so that is how I knew to verify those outputs.